# This document is part of the output for [AC-26](https://edfi.atlassian.net/browse/AC-26)

## Exporation of the e2e tests.

The main tool used for executing the e2e tests is [playwright](https://playwright.dev/) which is the same tool used for Admin App. So it looks like a good idea to keep it. It has good documentation as well, including how to setup the steps to run on Github Actions.

### A few notes:
* There is not documentation for the tests, like general characteristics, how to execute them or anything else.
* There are just 34 e2e tests. I did not find any other tests like unit tests or integration tests.
* One of the first steps when executing the tests is the authentication. It is done against https://login.txedexchange.dev/, which is not available for us.
So, I changed it to use KeyClock instead just to see if I was able to run a portion of the tests.
* Even with the previous change, I was not able to execute the tests, because these tests are trying to access pages on sections we don't access to. Mainly on ```console-page``` and ```instance-page``` sections.
* Something I find really odd is that there are many tests commented out. I couldn't figure out the reason why.

### Future work related to these tests.

* We will need to determine what tests we want to keep and which ones we should discard, based on what sections in the AC we will keep.
* We will need to learn more about playwright
* We need need to learn how the authentication works, and make the corresponding changes on the ```auth.setup.ts``` file.

